add doc for code coverage tool (#1078)
knative/test-infra: tools/coverage/design.md

# Design of Test Coverage Tool

> ![design.svg](design.svg)

Reviewer: The blank space is still there...

> ![design.svg](design.svg)

Reviewer: I'm not referring to the blank line, I'm referring to the SVG itself. Please add the blank line back.

> ![design.svg](design.svg)

Author: I added the blank lines back here.

> ![design.svg](design.svg)

Author: Done. Modified the SVG margins as well

We pack the test coverage tool in a container, that is triggered by prow. It runs test coverage profiling on target repository. Afterward, it calculates coverage change or summarizes coverage data, depends on workflow type, explained below.  

## Post-submit workflow

Produces and stores coverage profile, as master branch, for later presubmit jobs to compare against

1. A PR is merged.

> 1. Post-submit prow job started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Post-submit Prow job started.
```

> 1. Test coverage profile generated. Completion marker generated upon successful run.

Reviewer: This is the only place the "completion marker" is mentioned. Please explain what it is and why it's important.

## Pre-submit workflow

The pre-submit workflow is triggered when a pull request is created or updated.

> It runs code coverage tool to report coverage change through a comment by a robot github account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It runs the code coverage tool to report coverage changes through a comment by a robot GitHub account.
```

> The robot account will be referred to as "metrics-bot" in later text.

Reviewer: You only use it twice in the text, better just using "robot account" instead.

1. Developer submits a new commit to an open PR on GitHub.

> 1. Matching pre-submit prow job is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Matching pre-submit Prow job is started.
```

1. Test coverage profile generated.

> 1. Calculate coverage change against master branch. Compare the coverage file generated in this cycle against the most recent successful master branch build.

Reviewer: Build? Do you mean "code coverage results for the master branch"?

> 1. Use PR data from GitHub, git-attributes, as well as coverage change data calculated above, to produce a list of files that we care about in the line-by-line coverage report. produce line by line coverage html and add link to metrics-bot report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using the PR data from GitHub, `.gitattributes` file, as well as coverage change data calculated above, produce a list of files that we care about in the line-by-line coverage report. Produce line by line coverage HTML files and add links to them in the PR coverage report.
```

> 1. Let metrics-bot post presubmit coverage on GitHub, under that conversation of the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The robot account posts the code coverage report on GitHub, as a comment in the PR.
```

> ## Periodical workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Periodic workflow
```

> Produces periodical coverage result as input for TestGrid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Produces periodic code coverage results as input for TestGrid.
```

> 1. Periodical prow job starts periodically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Periodic Prow job starts.
```

> The frequency and start time can be configured in [the config file](../../ci/prow/config.yaml)

Reviewer: This should link to the go code, as we don't change the yaml file directly anymore.

# Design of Test Coverage Tool

> See [design.svg](https://github.com/knative/test-infra/tree/master/tools/coverage/design.svg) for the design diagram.

Reviewer: Use a relative link. Also, embed the drawing in the readme, it's better.

We pack the test coverage tool in a container, that is triggered by prow. It runs test coverage profiling on target repository. Prow clones the target repository as the current working directory for the container.

>  Prow has handlers for different github events. We add a pre-submit prow job that is triggered by any new commit to a PR to run test coverage on the new build to compare it with the master branch and previous commit for pre-submit coverage. We add a post-submit prow job that is triggered by merge events, to run test coverage on the nodes of master branch. Test coverage data on the master branch is supplied to TestGrid for displaying the coverage change over time, as well as serve as the basis of comparison for pre-submit coverage mentioned in the pre-submit scenario.

Reviewer: This paragraph is confusing. Since you're explaining all the scenarios below, make it a brief introduction of them instead of a summary of each. Even better, explain the main concepts so the descriptions below are less intertwined.

 Here is the step-by-step description of the pre-submit and post-submit workflows

## Pre-submit workflow

Runs code coverage tool to report coverage change in a new commit or new PR

> 1. Developer submit new commit to an open PR on github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Developer submits a new commit to an open PR on GitHub.
```

1. Matching pre-submit prow job is started
1. Test coverage profile generated

> 1. Calculate coverage change against master branch. Compare the coverage file generated in this cycle against the most recent successful post-submit build. Coverage file for post-submit commits were generated in post-submit workflow

Reviewer: Use the concept you explained in the summary above, instead of "post-submit XYZ".

> 1. Use PR data from github, git-attributes, as well as coverage change data calculated above, to produce a list of files that we care about in the line-by-line coverage report. produce line by line coverage html and add link to metrics-bot report.

Reviewer: Be consistent about the robot that posts comments. Introduce it in the summary above. "metrics-bot" is an unexpected and unknown artifact at this point.

1. Let metrics-bot post presubmit coverage on github, under that conversation of the PR.

## Post-submit workflow

> Produces & stores coverage profile for later presubmit jobs to compare against

Reviewer: s/&/and/ here and everywhere.

1. A PR is merged
1. Post-submit prow job started
1. Test coverage profile generated. Completion marker generated upon successful run.

## Periodical workflow

Produces periodical coverage result as input for TestGrid

1. Periodical prow job starts periodically based on the specification in prow job config
1. Test coverage profile & metadata generated

> 1. Generate / store per-file coverage data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Generate and store per-file coverage data
```

> 1. Test coverage profile & metadata generated

Reviewer: Based on...?
